[Kotoko] Rikka is
a worthy adversary.
She'll present her argument,
literally die for it,
and bring herself back
just to have control of
the flow.
But I'm not alone
in this fight.
I have Kuro on my side,
and we won't let you
get away with it.
That's right.
Just because the third
solution was rejected,
it's not like everybody would
have changed their minds.
A certain percentage
should've switched over
to the side of disbelief
because of the first
two ideas you gave.
However many have
slipped between
the two camps of thought
is of no consequence.
Huh?
It stands to reason that
many would be satisfied
with the explanation
thus far.
Rikka is calculating
my moves
the same way that you are,
and choosing her futures
based on
which ones have
the fewest dissenters.
She's under the assumption
that I've been trying
to chip away at
her influence in stages.
Which is what makes this
such an effective trap.
The solutions
I've presented thus far
included previously
accepted scenarios.
Such as Detective Terada
investigating Steel Lady
Nanase on his own.
As well as
Karin Nanase's father
leaving behind
a damning handwritten note.
Even if they reject
the solutions themselves,
the basic elements
remain intact.
Even though our third
solution was rejected,
as was the portrait of
the killer from it...
nobody took issue with
the part where I said
that Karin Nanase's sister
was the one
who passed the note on
to the media.
Rikka will be satisfied
with whatever conclusion
results in
the ghost of Karin Nanase
continuing on
in the imaginations of
her website's users.
So she sees no reason
to discard my solutions
by their roots...
when she can achieve
her goal
by simply crushing
the solutions.
If she tried disproving
parts of the story
other than the outcome,
she'd stand out more.
Therefore, Rikka is forced to
follow the simplest option.
But wouldn't that mean...?
Is she saying that
what Rikka's doing to
the futures she's chosen
have all been a part
of her plan?
The elements are
now in place.
All that's left is
to deliver
the finishing blow.
[grunt]
[gasp]
New fiction is born
from fiction...
and inverts into the truth.
Steel Lady Nanase will
be finished.
Humph!
And now,
the fourth solution.
Let's go!
[opening music]
[gasp]
[grunt]
[Kotoko] I still say,
Steel Lady Nanase is
pure fiction!
The three solutions
I've presented thus far
formed the foundation needed
to get to the actual truth.
Someone's behind this.
They not only created
Steel Lady Nanase
they also murdered
Detective Terada.
[Anon] We've been
wa i ting for this!
[Anonymous]
Just give it up.
[Nameless] Stubborn.
The one we've been
focusing on
is the on
behind this, i.e.
Karin Nanase!
She's actually still alive!
The person who died at
the construction site
was someone else made
to look like Karin!
If you have a corpse
without a face,
it being switched for
someone else
isn't a stretch.
Ultimately,
the real Karin Nanase
is still alive.
[Nameless] But that
wa s debunked earlier.
[Anon] Oh, come on.
No one believes that
TV drama nonsense.
[Anon] But if
Ka r in Nanase was alive,
there'd be
no Steel Lady Nanase.
Her father was dead,
and her sister
had turned her back.
Now she was all alone.
[Karin] If I can just
wa i t it out,
things will settle down.
Of course,
I wouldn't be able to
be an idol anymore...
But I'm still young.
I could start over
again if I had to...
[Karin] Excuse me!
Huh?
I'm sorry to startle you...
I saw you walk by...
and I couldn't help
but notice we look alike.
[Kotoko] And that was
how it all began...
Their faces were different,
but their builds
were similar,
as were their hair lengths,
and they were roughly
the same age.
We'll refer to her
as "Miss A"
for ease of discussion.
It's impossible for us
to know
what Miss A's
circumstances were.
Perhaps she was estranged
from her family,
had no friends, or suffered
from a mental illness.
But unfortunately for her,
she was found by
Karin Nanase.
If I can leave
my public self behind
and start over as
a new person...
[Kotoko] That desire for
a fresh start
led her to commit a crime.
[Karin] Say...
I have a favor to ask.
From there, Karin Nanase
managed to coax
Miss A into her hotel room,
and had her touch
her personal belongings.
She was careful
to wipe away
her own fingerprints
from the room,
ensuring that only Miss A's
prints would remain.
I assume Miss A had
some motivation
to assist Karin Nanase.
Depressed, and
contemplating suicide
before being stopped
by Karin Nanase,
Miss A became dependent
on her.
One might surmise that she
was promised compensation,
so she was more
than willing.
[Miss A] So I'm going to
act as your decoy
and lead the media
away from here.
Do you think
it's actually gonna work?
I may not be much help.
What happens if they figure
it out right away?
[Karin] How could they?
The outfit's perfect.
You've got this.
Down there.
See that work site?
It's empty.
Which is totally ideal.
Because the media would
never go in there.
Let's meet there tonight.
[Kotoko] If Karin Nanase
hadn't met her,
the rumors would've run
their course,
and they both would have
had the chance
to live long, happy lives.
But sunk in the
irrationality of despair,
the idol had been handed
the chance
to restart her life in
the most dramatic fashion.
[gasp]
[moan]
[panting]
[loud bang]
Miss A's face was crushed
beyond recognition.
The steel beams made it
impossible
to identify her that way.
And that would explain
one of
the long-standing questions
of the case...
Why did Karin Nanase let
the steel beams hit her
without any signs
of struggle,
or a defensive posture?
It's because
the body wasn't hers.
It was the body of
someone else
who'd been knocked
unconscious
before the steel beams
fell on her.
Karin finished falsifying
the scene of the ""accident""
and then she fled.
Miss A's identity gave her
a shot at a new life.
It was the chance
she needed
to break free from her past.
[employee] And that's all
filed away.
Here's your driver's
license back, Miss.
[Kotoko] She'd need to
change her appearance
to keep from
being recognized,
but that shouldn't have
been too difficult for her.
Someone that determined
would've been able
to pull it off.
The body that
the police found at
the construction site in
Makurazaka City this year
was not Karin Nanase.
She fooled us all with
the faceless corpse switch.
Meanwhile,
she's alive and well.
Steel Lady Nanase cannot
be a ghost
if Karin Nanase's alive!
[Anon] What about
th e Steel Lady
people have seen?
Does that mean Nanase
made up her own ghost?
[Anon] But why, though?
[Anon] If Karin
Na n ase's still alive,
then what the heck is
Steel Lady Nanase?
[Anonymous] If her ghost
appeared, that'd make
people believe
that she was really dead.
[Anon] So the creation
of the ghost
was a sort of unofficial
death certificate...
[Anonymous] But if
th a t's the case,
didn't Steel Lady Nanase
show up kind of late?
[Anon] That depends,
when did the rumors of
her ghost begin?
[Anon] It was right
ar o und June!
[Anonymous]
Back in February,
everyone was still freaking
out about her accident.
[grunt]
[Anon] After so much
ti m e had passed,
wouldn't that just be
stirring up
the hornet's nest?
[Anon] There's no way
Ka r in Nanase spread
the Steel Lady
Nanase rumors.
[Anonymous] The risk of
he r being found out
is too great.
[grunt]
The site's viewers
are now taking
an active part in trying
to solve the mystery.
[ominous music]
[groan]
[grunt]
[Nameless] Hang on.
Suppose she was
living life just fine
until around May...
But then maybe,
she heard a rumor that
there was a girl who
looked a lot like her.
[Anon]
That's realistic.
Unlike plastic surgery
which takes too long
and has its limits.
I think I see.
By that point, she
might've even moved away.
But if she thought
a similar occurrence
might happen
in the future...
In order to make herself
completely dead
in people's minds,
she created
Steel Lady Nanase!
They've started drawing
their own conclusions!
They've taken the three
solutions offered,
changed the events and
the people involved
and kept elements that
supported their narratives.
[Anon] Are you saying
th e pop idol dressed up
as a ghost version
of herself,
and went around
attacking people?
[Anon] More than once,
I' d wager.
She wore the outfit and
carried the steel beam
to make the rumor
spread faster,
Plus: jiggly boobs.
[Anon] To reinforce
th e spectral aspect,
she created a character
named Steel Lady Nanase
complete with a steel
beam and a smashed face.
This logic about why
the ghost was needed
It's just like in
the third solution.
Using pieces of
that solution
will give
a satisfactory answer.
She's got their attention
by getting them
to logically try to
explain an urban legend.
So this was
the real reason
why she gave
multiple solutions.
Until now,
this site had gathered
up the imaginations
of hundreds of thousands
of people
to give form to
Steel Lady Nanase
as well as life.
But not anymore.
This time, the people on
the forum are trying
to use that same power
of imagination to prove
that Steel Lady Nanase
doesn't exist.
I think we won!
[Kotoko] Not quite.
Though soon enough.
I have yet to deliver
the final blow.
Until then,
I'll prevent Rikka
from grasping the future
she desires.
[growl]
After all, there's an order
to this world
that even the strongest
cannot infringe upon.
Exactly right!
In order to make herself
completely dead,
at least according to
the public eye...
she invented
her very own ghost,
and made sure
Steel Lady Nanase was
immediately the first thing
that came to people's minds.
This might not have gained
much attention
until somebody pointed out
that the Steel Lady
looked a lot like
Karin Nanase.
In order to make sure
that nobody figured out
that a body swap
had happened,
and to keep the faceless
corpse trick under wraps...
she decided her next step
needed to be extreme.
Karin Nanase started
to appear
in Makurazaka City
every night
as Steel Lady Nanase.
Since she was simply playing
the ghost version of herself,
I'm sure the portrayal
seemed convincing.
The rumors spread,
and suddenly,
it was a huge hit
on the Internet.
But for the rumor to
spread more effectively,
to make it go far and wide,
she did one thing.
Yes.
She created this Steel Lady
Nanase Wiki-page by herself.
[gasp]
Enough, Karin!
I know that you created
this website,
and that you're also
the admin!
[Nameless] What?
[Anonymous] No way...
And I'm sure you're reading
my posts as we speak.
From the beginning,
I've been working to
expose your crimes!
[Kotoko] This site
spread rumors
about Steel Lady Nanase
very quickly,
and magnified them.
But the spread
of information was
a little too convenient.
Which is expected.
You had the information,
managed the account,
and ultimately, created
Steel Lady Nanase.
You've tried to reject
every single solution
that I've presented so far.
All of my solutions were
intended to erase
a ghost from
the equation...
Yet if someone had concluded
that the ghost was a fake,
it would've messed
things up for you.
You want these rumors
to spread further,
so your ghost ""passing on""
isn't ideal.
Which is why you've refuted
everything I said,
and even went so far as
trying to moderate my posts.
That's a flat-out lie.
The person who created
the website and
runs it was always Rikka!
[Kotoko] I told you from
the very start
there'd be a fair amount
of lying.
-[Nameless] No way!
-[Anon] Oh my god!
[voices of shock, disbelief]
The truth is completely
irrelevant on the internet.
To the people invested
in this lie,
this forum that
they're in is the front line
of the entire case.
Now, I'll explain
to the assembly
why you chose to kill
Detective Terada.
[Anon] Hell yeah!
[Anon] Lay it all
ou t there!
[Anon fan] I don't wanna
believe she's a murderer.
[Anon]
What's gonna happen?!
Just last night,
in Makurazaka City.
You were there to inflame
the Steel Lady Nanase panic,
by checking out
the next location
at which you planned
to appear.
The detective,
who didn't think Steel Lady
Nanase was a ghost,
drove by and saw you
and thought you were
suspicious.
[Terada] Hmm?
You were probably still
dressed normally at the time,
but there was something
he couldn't overlook...
the fact that your boobs
were massive.
Such distinguishing
features reminded him
of Steel Lady Nanase
and made his intuition
go to work.
For what it's worth,
I heard that
the detective wasn't
a fan of big breasts.
Of course, the same
could be said for Kuro.
Taking my petite frame
into consideration...
Kuro isn't the kind of man
who judges women
based on their chest size
or appearance.
[angry sneer]
[wham]
[grunt]
[gasp]
Could you please hurry
with the rest of that?
I'm with
Makurazaka City PD.
We've had reports
of suspicious activity.
I'd like to ask you
a few questions.
What brings you here
this evening?
Oh, uh...
I was just riding my bike
to the convenience store.
I was getting
a little hungry.
Then he said the last thing
you expected to hear.
Have I seen her before?
Yes, there's something
familiar...
That face...
Nanase...
It is you...
[fear]
[groan]
[Kotoko] A dead woman was
standing there
in front of him,
rendering the usually
capable detective
stunned and defenseless.
You saw your opportunity,
and you took it.
[growl]
[gasp]
[angry grunt]
After knocking
Detective Terada unconscious,
you recognized the chance
to make it look like
Steel Lady Nanase
had attacked him.
If there was no sign that
the detective fought back
and his face had
been smashed in...
it'd be a tough sell
to believe a woman like you
had committed the crime.
[grunt]
[painful cry]
[groan]
From there, you disposed of
any trace of your presence
and fled the scene.
[groan]
And this is the extent
of your crimes to date.
If you choose to
refute this, as well,
then be my guest.
But if you're able, I ask
you to prove to the forum
that you are not
Karin Nanase.
[Kotoko] I'll say it again...
The real killer
is Karin Nanase!
[Saki] But this is
a total lie!
[Anon] Who's this poster?
[Anon] At first,
I t hought...
[Anon]
Karin Nanase's alive?
-[Anon] Karin Nanase...
-[Anon] If she's still...
-the admin and the killer?
-I wonder if she's...
[Anon] Maybe the poster
is i nvolved in the case?
[Anon] There hasn't been
a p ost about
a new sighting
since then, right?
[Anon] If it's
a r eal ghost...
[Anon] So is it true
or a lie?
She reeled them in.
The Nanase wiki is part
of the killer's plot.
And the first three
solutions were rejected
because of them.
She just managed to
destroy Steel Lady Nanase
simply by stating that
Karin Nanase's still alive.
I can't believe you made
all this happen!
Hold on...
Rikka's the actual admin
of the site, isn't she?
So what's to stop her
from just saying
she's not
Karin Nanase?
Who's actually going
to believe that now?
The masses have now
been convinced that
Karin Nanase is the admin.
Hell, they love the idea
so much
they're running with it.
Whether she admits it
or not,
this wave of thought
won't change.
Iwanaga used the first
three solutions
to feed them basic
elements of the plot
that would build
the foundation
for her ultimate solution.
She couldn't have
done it
had a predetermined
future not been fought for.
Throughout his
repeated deaths,
Kuro chose
future after future
to destroy the monster.
Kuro has decided on
the ultimate future.
Rikka won't be able to
reach any further options
to change things from
this point onward.
She can't control
Steel Lady Nanase anymore
now that the site
has lost its power.
Now, ladies and gentlemen
of this distinguished
committee...
The time to cast
your votes is upon us.
Does a ghost
named Steel Lady Nanase
truly exist or not?
You don't need to do
anything special.
Your votes are automatic,
no matter what you choose.
I just ask you to
decide one way or another
flip the switch
in your mind.
Choose based on what your
own conscience tells you.
There are real spectres
in this world,
but there are also
many false ones.
Fiction reverts to fiction.
Now, the monster born
from lies
shall be struck down
by them.
[grunt]
[ending music]
Yokai, ayakashi,
spectres,
demons, mononoke,
and ghosts...
There is order
to everything.
Next time,
"She Who Defends Order."